A Poorly-Timed Prank

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2016-05-26 07:38

What's up, ladies and gents of Omo.org? It's your boy, K.O., Kid_Omo.

Here's another story with a few elements I've been wanting to use for a while. I decided to take a break from the RWBY fiction for a moment (no worries, chances are I'll return to that sooner rather than later). So, here's this story involving a prank I've heard about, taken to a terrible (or terrific, depending on what side you're on) extreme.

###

Jessie shook the huge cup which the move theater humbly called “medium” as she stood up. Where she expected to hear the sound of ice clashing against the sides, she only got silence. At the very least, this explained the sheer intensity of the dull pain in her waist. She wasn’t totally sure how two and a half hours of staring at a screen had caused her to drink the entire bucket of soda she had ordered. Of course, that was not what she was concerned over at the moment.

Jessie leaned over slightly, placing a hand over her stomach. She let out a sharp exhale as gravity dealt an unexpected blow to her bladder. In the dim light and crowd of the theater, she would normally have used this opportunity to hold herself, but right now she was hanging out with Matt. It would be rather embarrassing if he saw her like that. He’d get a lot of mileage out of that sight.

“You good?” Matt asked as he bounced up from his seat next to her.

“Yeah, just… got up a little fast.” Jessie tried to cover.

By the time they were at the end of their row, there was already a herd of people heading down the steps. This was one of the things Jessie hated about after-credits scenes.

Jessie quickly found the first break in the crowd and cautiously followed the flow of people down the stairs. She tossed her empty cup in the trash can on her way out. Jessie crossed her arms, rubbing her upper arms anxiously as the people in front of her continued to move far too slowly, unaware of her urgency.

Once she had room to breathe outside the theater doors, she checked to make sure Matt was still with her.

“I should use the bathroom before we take off.” She said, trying to appear as calm as possible.

Matt nodded and acknowledged her with an absent-minded “Ok.”

Between trying to keep up her cool and composed exterior around Matt and the sheer volume of liquid contained in her body, Jessie was only able to muster a brisk walk as she moved down the hall toward the girls’ bathroom.

About a minute later, Jessie walked back out of the bathroom to see Matt sitting on a bench checking his phone.

“Well, that was fast.” He said, surprised.

Jessie shook, arms still crossed over her stomach. “There was a really long line in there. I think it might be faster to just wait until we get home.”

“Oh… alright.” Matt responded. He hit a few more buttons on his phone before putting it away, “Let’s go, then.”

A chill ran through her as the cool night air made contact with Jessie’s skin. It felt like her bladder had swollen to the size of a volleyball- and nearly as solid. She really questioned her decision to leave the theater without peeing.

Unfortunately, she remembered seeing the long line of girls in various states of apparent need. More importantly, she recalled hearing the loud, echoing sounds of liquid hitting liquid, which only made her own need worse. As much as walking hurt, she was sure to be back at Matt’s apartment in about five minutes. She could not say with certainty that the line would take any less time.

Jessie let out another sharp exhale as she sat down in the passenger’s seat of Matt’s car. The sitting position compressed her bladder and forced it against the waistband of her jeans. Her face grew warmer as she thought for a second it might literally burst. She could feel some of the liquid start to squeeze its way out toward her opening. Jessie knew she couldn’t take this kind of pressure for long.

As she buckled her seatbelt, Jessie subtly reached down and unbuttoned her jeans. She slid the zipper down with her right hand while buckling the seatbelt with her left, trying to cover the noise of the zipper with the click.

Giving her bladder more room to expand did provide a little temporary relief, but she knew it wasn’t going to last much longer. They had to hurry and get back to Matt’s apartment, or there might be a mess.

As they pulled out of the parking lot, Jessie braced herself for the ride home. She spread her feet, giving her more leverage to press her knees and thighs together. Never before had she been so glad not to have bought into the whole “thigh gap” craze.

Apparently, all the pop she drank wasn’t quite done working its way through Jessie’s system, though. The desperation continued building faster than she realized. It seemed her bladder was eagerly trying to fill all the extra space she had given it.

By the time they made the turn onto the highway, Jessie was looking for another method to help contain the flood. The internal pressure was mounting and she wasn’t too sure how much longer it would stay internal.

Carefully, subtly, Jessie placed her hands on her lap. She tried to use her left hand to cover up as she slid her right hand between her thighs to apply pressure to her crotch.

“Hey, are you alright? You’re being awfully quiet.” Matt suddenly broke the silence.

Jessie could feel herself blushing. “Yeah, sorry, just a little distracted. I really need to use the bathroom.” She admitted.

“Do you need me to pull over?” Matt asked. Jessie really hoped he was joking- not that she wouldn’t consider it at this moment.

“No, it’s fine. Just… try to hurry up…”

Jessie heard the car start to speed up a little more. Again, she felt herself grow more embarrassed. She didn’t mean to sound so desperate- not that she didn’t appreciate the help. She was thankful that this was one of the very few stretches of road in all of Illinois that wasn’t either bumpy as hell or under construction.

It wasn’t long before they turned off the highway and onto the road toward Matt’s apartment. Unfortunately, the forces of the universe seemed to be conspiring against Jessie’s relief. On the road, the ended up stuck behind a bus and hitting several red lights.

Even still, this only cost them a few extra minutes, hardly the worst part of the trip. No, the worst part was still yet to come.

As they turned into the driveway to Matt’s apartment complex, Jessie remembered a truly horrifying fact: this driveway was infamous for its extremely rough speed bumps. It seemed like the owners not only wanted to prevent people from speeding down the driveway, they wanted to keep all but the most dedicated drivers from entering at all.

Jessie braced herself as the car slowed to a crawl and the front end raised over the asphalt hill. As they went over it and the car touched down, Jessie let out an involuntary groan. The hand between her legs gripped down even tighter to try and keep anything from spilling out.

“Just hold together, one more.” Matt said. Again, Jessie severely hoped he was joking. She really didn’t want him thinking of her like a little girl who couldn’t hold her pee. Even though, right now, she kind of felt like it.

Jessie barely mustered out a feigned chuckle to try and make light of the situation.

The second they passed over the second speed bump, though, that laugh turned into a sharp inhale. Jessie was not nearly as prepared for that one.

She gripped down hard between her thighs, but even that could not prevent a small spurt from escaping, moistening her panties just slightly.

After that, Jessie didn’t dare loosen her grip or try to move her hands. Only another couple minutes and she would be able to get the sweet relief she so desperately needed.

As they parked, Jessie unbuckled her seatbelt before the car had even stopped moving. She had thrown open her door and started to bolt out of the vehicle before Matt had even shut off the engine.

Upon standing, Jessie had to bend over again, throwing her butt out prominently as she wiggled her thighs. She again crossed her arms over her abdomen, as if minimizing her surface area would somehow help.

She realized with equal parts amazement and horror that her jeans stayed in place. Even with them unbuttoned and unzipped, her abdomen had expanded enough to keep them held up without much assistance. Jessie realized right away that this was a good thing, as she wasn’t sure she could handle the added pressure of redoing the button.

Now, there was just one obstacle left between her and the bathroom: stairs. This would be challenging, but she had made it this far, she couldn’t fail now, not when she was so close.

Clenching her legs and steeling her resolve, Jessie took to the arduous task of climbing the stairs to the third floor of the apartment complex. She was forced to take one step at a time, stopping to bend over and rub her thighs every couple of steps.

Thankfully, this gave Matt enough time to catch up, since he had the keys and was moving with far less urgency than Jessie.

Miraculously, Jessie soon found herself at the door of Matt’s apartment with the same amount of pee inside her as when she was at the bottom- a thing she never before thought she would be thankful for.

Jessie continued to tremble, her thighs restlessly crossing over top of one another, as Matt tried his key card. She groaned as the door refused to open the first time. The second attempt fared no better. Jessie could feel beads of sweat forming on her forehead, what would she do if they couldn’t get into the apartment? Just then, after a third attempt, the lock clicked.

Matt opened the door and Jessie pushed her way past him, moving as quickly as she could in her urgent state toward the bathroom on Matt’s side of the apartment.

She completely ignored the fact that Matt’s roommates were sitting in the living room. She did not return their greetings, and she had no idea what they were saying as they started talking excitedly.

Right as Jessie burst through the bathroom door, so, too, did her bladder. As she stopped to flip on the lights and shut the door, she felt a long, sustained leak begin to come out.

As quickly as she could, Jessie reached her hand down inside her pants and grabbed down on her outer lips through her panties, trying hard to stem the flow. She cringed as she felt the wetness rub against her palm. Still, she managed to stop the leak before any noticeable damage was done to her jeans.

Quivering all over, Jessie shuffled the few steps from the door to the toilet and swiftly yanked down her pants and her panties.

She heard liquid splatter against the tile floor as she frantically turned and sat down, the pee already flowing out of her.

She flopped down onto the toilet seat and started to relax her body.

Jessie sighed in relief, leaning back to enjoy her victory, but she was quickly cut off. Something was very wrong here. She couldn’t hear the sound of liquid splashing. In fact, now that she had a second to process it, something felt wrong about the toilet seat. The moment this realization hit her, Jessie felt a wetness start to spread over her butt.

The shock of this managed to give her the strength to cut off her steam for a moment as she jumped up and looked down at the toilet.

What she saw was a small yellowish puddle resting on top of the toilet seat, floating over the bowl. Upon closer inspection, she realized there was plastic warp over the bowl!

The cold sweat returned. This was an emergency. Jessie gripped down on her bare pussy so hard her knuckles turned white. She had cut off the flow for now, but that wouldn’t last for long. Her urethra started to burn from being cut off mid-evacuation. It was clear her body was about to strongly protest being stopped in the middle of relief.

Jessie frantically looked around. There was another bathroom in the apartment, but, even if she could get her pants back up without wetting herself, there was no way she’d make it that far. The sink was too high up and far back for her to properly position herself without making a mess all over the counter. The shower was… That’s it, the shower!

The shower would provide the prefect location for her to get her long-overdue release. The only problem was that Jessie didn’t exactly have the best aim with this type of stuff. If she tried to go in the shower with all her clothes on, there was no way she wouldn’t soak her pants, panties, and socks. No way was she facing Matt and his roommates like that.

That meant there was only one solution she could think of: Jessie would have to undress.

First, she used her writhing legs to her advantage. Jessie struggled and managed to slide her socks off with her feet. Thank goodness she was only wearing ankle socks.

Jessie stepped out of her socks. Now was the hard part. She groaned as she started to lean over and grab her pants. As soon as she did, she felt another small spurt come out into her hand, causing her to stop and grip down with both hands until that wave of pressure passed.

Slowly, with only one free hand, Jessie slid her jeans the rest of the way down her legs, followed by her now wet panties.

In preparation for the next step, Jessie threw the shower curtain open before grabbing the waistband of her pants and underwear. As she leaned over, she felt a few more spurts coming out. The urine was now leaking between her fingers and getting onto her thighs.

As fast as she could, Jessie stepped out of her clothes and hurried to the shower, using both her hands to brace herself as she climbed over the rim of the tub.

The second her hands left her crotch, the dam finally burst. The stream resumed, completely unencumbered by anything. She heard more pee splash on the tile floor. There was nothing she could do to stop it. It was just damage control now.

A few large steps had Jessie standing in the tub, pee flowing down her legs. Once she was sure of her footing, she squatted down and let go completely, trying to aim as close to the drain as possible.

A powerful stream shot out of Jessie’s privates, arcing forward and colliding with the bottom of the tub before swirling down the drain. She could feel liquid still coating her bare legs and feet, both from drops straying from the stream and splashing back from the tub. Still, she had already gotten wet from earlier, what was a little more?

As the sounds of her relief echoed off the bathroom walls, Jessie couldn’t help but let out a contented sigh.

It kind of hurt to feel her overworked bladder begin to contract back to its normal size, but the relief coming from her nether regions far outweighed that pain.

Jessie relaxed and titled her head back, giving another hearty sigh. When she opened her eyes to look at the ceiling, her vision was blurry. Her eyes were actually watering from this feeling of pleasure.

Gradually, her stream began to die down, the arc of urine beginning to fall closer and closer to her body. She pressed her bladder to force a few more spurts out before it dripped to a halt. The feeling of pleasure, however, had not subsided.

Once Jessie was sure she had emptied herself, she looked around. There was still a small yellow puddle working its way down the drain. The insides of her legs and feet were shimmering from the layer of liquid covering them. There were a few pools of varying sizes reflecting the light on the bathroom floor, and the plastic wrap on the toilet was still covered in pee. Someone was going to have to clean that up, but it wasn’t going to be Jessie. This wasn’t her fault.

First, Jessie knew she would have to clean herself up a little before facing anyone.

She took off her shirt and unhooked her bra, carefully hanging them on the bar for the shower curtain. She didn’t want to risk throwing them on the floor or tracking even more pee around the bathroom floor.

Then, she turned on the shower. First, Jessie pointed the stream of the shower toward the drain to wash away the standing liquid that was refusing to go down. Then she turned it on herself, trying her best to clean off her lower body.

Still, something was weird. Jessie was pretty sure she got everything out of her system, but there was still a tingling feeling between her legs. The feeling was sort of familiar, but she hadn’t experienced it quite like this before. This was… confusing, to say the least.

After her brief shower, Jessie dried herself off as much as she could and put her clothes back on. She left her panties aside, folding them up and placing them in a drawer she knew Matt didn’t use. She would have to retrieve those later. As she picked up her jeans, Jessie noticed there were a few odd wet spots all over them. Apparently she hadn’t managed to get them completely free of her stream.

As she was getting her pants back on, there was a knock on the bathroom door.

“Jessie, are you alright? I heard the shower.” The voice was Matt.

Quickly throwing her shirt on and zipping up her pants, Jessie cracked the door.

“Yeah, I’m fine. One of your roommates needs to have their ass kicked, though.”

She heard Jason laughing hysterically from the living room.

“And he’s cleaning up the mess.” She added a little louder, hoping Jason could hear her.

Matt looked at her curiously, but Jessie shook her head, “Don’t worry about it.”

“Yeah, he knows it was a mistake.” Matt explained.

Then, the shout came from the living room, “Better than I could have expected!”

Jessie opened the door and stormed into the living room. Jason still refused to stop laughing as he met her eyes.

A loud slap echoed as Jason was knocked out of his chair.

“Worth it!” He shouted, rubbing the hand print on his face.

With that business out of the way, Jessie quickly grabbed Matt by the arm and dragged him along as she walked toward the boy’s bedroom.

“Now, you come with me, there’s something else we need to take care of right away.”

“Wait, what?” He asked, confused.

“No questions. Bedroom, now.”

